Cm name updates (#59)
AaltoPML/VAI-Lab: README.md

### From Command Line

To launch the framework with the GUI:
```bash
vai_lab
```

To launch the framework with an existing config file
```bash
vai_lab --file <path_to_config_file>
```

### From Code

To launch the framework with the GUI:

```python
import vai_lab as ai

core = ai.Core()
core.run()
```

or to execute an existing config file:

```python
import vai_lab as ai

core = ai.Core()
core.load_config_file("<path_to_config_file>")
core.run()
```

### Examples

> Pre-made [examples](https://github.com/AaltoPML/ai-assisted-framework-design/tree/main/aidesign/examples/xml_files) show the syntax and form of the config files and pipeline as a whole, and are the best way to get started.

Reviewer: aidesign -> src/vai_lab

```suggestion
Pre-made [examples](https://github.com/AaltoPML/ai-assisted-framework-design/tree/main/src/vailab/examples/xml_files) show the syntax and form of the config files and pipeline as a whole, and are the best way to get started.

```

Author: Good catch - forgot I was going through my grep list! Changed these and all other refs to ai_design I could find - thanks!
